removed source code, updated the docs (#421)
dotnet/sdk-container-builds: README.md

# .NET SDK Container Building Tools

This project consists of APIs and MSBuild Tasks for generating and testing an [OCI Container](https://opencontainers.org/) from a .NET project.

> A basic start with tooling 

Reviewer: Consider rephrasing 'A basic start with tooling' to a more intuitive sentence.

- for existing web project (the package is part of `Microsoft.NET.SDK.Web):

```shell

> dotnet publish --os linux --arch x64 -c Release /p:PublishProfile=DefaultContainer /p:EnableSDKContainerSupport=true

Reviewer 2: nit: since https://github.com/dotnet/sdk/pull/31432 is imminent maybe remove the EnableSdkContainerSupport flag?

```

- for existing non-web project:

```shell
dotnet add package Microsoft.NET.Build.Containers
dotnet publish --os linux --arch x64 -c Release /t:PublishContainer
```

You can learn more about the project from the project [Documentation](./docs).

> Note: the source code is moved to [dotnet/sdk](https://github.com/dotnet/sdk/tree/main/src/Containers) repo.
> For easiness, please use [containers.slnf](https://github.com/dotnet/sdk/blob/main/containers.slnf) filter in case the intention is only to build and debug containers source code.
> 
> This repo only contains documentation and issues for the project.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion

> **Note**
> The source code for these tools has been moved to the [dotnet/sdk](https://github.com/dotnet/sdk/tree/main/src/Containers) repo.
> For easier development, please use the [containers.slnf](https://github.com/dotnet/sdk/blob/main/containers.slnf) solution filter when working on containers-only code.

This repo only contains documentation and issues for the project.
```

Reviewer 2: Minor reword for flow.

## Prerequisites

[.NET SDK 7.0.100, preview 7](https://dotnet.microsoft.com/download/dotnet/7.0) or later 

## Contributing

The source code was moved to [dotnet/sdk](https://github.com/dotnet/sdk/tree/main/src/Containers) repo.

> For easiness, please use [containers.slnf](https://github.com/dotnet/sdk/blob/main/containers.slnf) filter in case the intention is only to build and debug containers source code.

Reviewer 2: This same content is directly above (lines 22-43) - consider removing one?
